# Small CLs
https://google.github.io/eng-practices/review/developer/small-cls.html

## Why Write Small CLs
- Review more quickly
- Review more thoroughly
- Less likely ot introduce bugs
- Less wasted work if they are rejected.
- Easier to merge
- Easier to design well
- Less blocking on reviews
- Easier to merge
- Easier to design well
- Less blocking on reviews
- Simpler to roll back
## What is Small
In general, the right size for a CL is one self-contained change. This means that:

- The CL makes a minimal change that addresses just one thing. This is usually just one part of a feature, rather than a whole feature at once. In general it’s better to err on the side of writing CLs that are too small vs. CLs that are too large. Work with your reviewer to find out what an acceptable size is.
- The CL should include related test code.
- Everything the reviewer needs to understand about the CL (except future development) is in the CL, the CL’s description, the existing codebase, or a CL they’ve already reviewed.
- The system will continue to work well for its users and for the developers after the CL is checked in.
- The CL is not so small that its implications are difficult to understand. If you add a new API, you should include a usage of the API in the same CL so that reviewers can better understand how the API will be used. This also prevents checking in unused APIs.
## When are Large CLs Okay
There are a few situations in which large changes aren’t as bad:

- You can usually count deletion of an entire file as being just one line of change, because it doesn’t take the reviewer very long to review.
- Sometimes a large CL has been generated by an automatic refactoring tool that you trust completely, and the reviewer’s job is just to verify and say that they really do want the change. These CLs can be larger, although some of the caveats from above (such as merging and testing) still apply.
## Separate Out Refactoryings
It’s usually best to do refactorings in a separate CL from feature changes or bug fixes.

## Keep related test code in the same CL
CLs should include related test code.
A CL that adds or changes logic should be accompained by new or updated tests for the new behavior.

## Don't Break the Build
If you have several CLs that depend on eache other, you need to find a way to make sure the wholse system keeps working after each CL is submitted.

## Can't Make it small enough
Sometimes you will encounter situations where it seems like your CL has to be large.
Before writting a large CL, consider whether preceding it with a refactoring-only CL could pave the way for a cleaner implementation.Talk to your teammates and see if anybody has thoughts on how to implement the functionality in small CLs instead.